New Resource: `azurerm_system_center_virtual_machine_manager_virtual_machine_instance` (#27622)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/system_center_virtual_machine_manager_virtual_machine_instance.html.markdown

* `system_center_virtual_machine_manager_cloud_id` - (Optional) The ID of the System Center Virtual Machine Manager Cloud resource to use for deploying the Virtual Machine. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `system_center_virtual_machine_manager_inventory_item_id` - (Optional) The ID of the System Center Virtual Machine Manager Inventory Item for System Center Virtual Machine Manager Virtual Machine Instance. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `system_center_virtual_machine_manager_template_id` - (Optional) The ID of the System Center Virtual Machine Manager Virtual Machine Template to use for deploying the Virtual Machine. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `system_center_virtual_machine_manager_virtual_machine_server_id` - (Optional) The ID of the System Center Virtual Machine Manager Virtual Machine. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

---

A `hardware` block supports the following:

* `cpu_count` - (Optional) The number of vCPUs for the Virtual Machine. Possible values are between `1` and `64`.

> * `dynamic_memory_max_in_mb` - (Optional) The max dynamic memory for the Virtual Machine. Possible value is between `32` and `1048576`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `dynamic_memory_max_in_mb` - (Optional) The max dynamic memory for the Virtual Machine. Possible values are between `32` and `1048576`.
```

Author: Updated

> * `dynamic_memory_min_in_mb` - (Optional) The min dynamic memory for the Virtual Machine. Possible value is between `32` and `1048576`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `dynamic_memory_min_in_mb` - (Optional) The min dynamic memory for the Virtual Machine. Possible values are between `32` and `1048576`.
```

* `limit_cpu_for_migration_enabled` - (Optional) Whether processor compatibility mode for live migration of Virtual Machines is enabled.

> * `memory_in_mb` - (Optional) The size of a Virtual Machine's memory. Possible value is between `32` and `1048576`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `memory_in_mb` - (Optional) The size of a Virtual Machine's memory. Possible values are between `32` and `1048576`.
```

Author: Updated

---

A `network_interface` block supports the following:

* `name` - (Required) The name of the Virtual Network in System Center Virtual Machine Manager Server that the Network Interface is connected to.

* `virtual_network_id` - (Optional) The ID of the System Center Virtual Machine Manager Virtual Network to connect the Network Interface.

* `ipv4_address_type` - (Optional) The IPv4 address type. Possible values are `Dynamic` and `Static`.

* `ipv6_address_type` - (Optional) The IPv6 address type. Possible values are `Dynamic` and `Static`.

* `mac_address_type` - (Optional) The MAC address type. Possible values are `Dynamic` and `Static`.

---

An `operating_system` block supports the following:

* `computer_name` - (Required) The computer name of the Virtual Machine. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `admin_password` - (Optional) The admin password of the Virtual Machine. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

---

A `storage_disk` block supports the following:

* `bus` - (Optional) The disk bus. Possible values are between `0` and `3`. 

> * `bus_type` - (Optional) The disk bus type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `bus_type` - (Optional) The disk bus type. Possible values are `IDE` and `SCSI`.
```

Author: Updated
